Don't send user hydrogenStorefronts access denial error to observe (#3654)
Shopify/hydrogen: .changeset/twenty-rice-give.md

---
'@shopify/cli-hydrogen': patch
---

> Throw AbortError for hydrogenStorefronts GraphQL Access Denied Error

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GraphQL access denied error is now handled as an expected user error
```

Reviewer: https://github.com/Shopify/hydrogen/blob/main/CLAUDE.md#changeset-rules

> These changesets go into Hydrogen's changelog, and are also used to generate upgrade instructions. Write the changeset as if the audience is a merchant building with Hydrogen.
